This is a simple banking system project, made with python and OOP. (inspired by a online course about python on Udemy, it has the same idea and some similarities, but my version of implementation)

It consists of two classes - bank and client. 

When started, the user is given the options to create a new bank account, to open an existing one or to exit the program.

If the user chooses ot create an account, the user is prompted for a name and an initial deposit and the input is passed to the init method of the Client class. The unique user account number is a 5 digit number, automatically generated by using random number between 10000 and 99999. After the instantiation of the Client object, it is been added to the bank class database, represented by a list.

After creating the account, the user can choose to create another or to enter an existing one. 

If the user chooses the second option, the user is prompted to verify the name and the account number. The two arguments are passed to the verification method of the bank class and if such credentials exist in the bank database, a variable called current_client is assigned the referring client object from the client database.

After that, the user is given the options to withdraw, deposit, check balance or exit to the upper menu. 

The withdraw method of the client class reduces the deposit of the user by the number, passed as an argument to the method, the deposit method adds the amount passed and the balance method displays the current account balance.

# Simple-Banking-System
